about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
---

<p class="message">
  Hey there! This page is included as an example. Feel free to customize it for your own use upon downloading. Carry on!
</p>

In the novel, *The Strange Case of Dr. Jeykll and Mr. Hyde*, Mr. Poole is Dr. Jekyll's virtuous and loyal butler. Similarly, Poole is an upstanding and effective butler that helps you build Jekyll themes. It's made by [@mdo](https://twitter.com/mdo).

There are currently two themes built on Poole:

* [Hyde](http://hyde.getpoole.com)
* [Lanyon](http://lanyon.getpoole.com)

Learn more and contribute on [GitHub](https://github.com/poole).

## Setup

Some fun facts about the setup of this project include:

* Built for [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com)
* Developed on GitHub and hosted for free on [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com)
* Coded with [Sublime Text 2](http://sublimetext.com), an amazing code editor
* Designed and developed while listening to music like [Blood Bros Trilogy](https://soundcloud.com/maddecent/sets/blood-bros-series)

Have questions or suggestions? Feel free to [open an issue on GitHub](https://github.com/poole/issues/new) or [ask me on Twitter](https://twitter.com/mdo).

Thanks for reading!

Commit message:

change about page to use content from previous site

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
---

## About Magarena

Magarena is a single-player fantasy card game played against a computer
opponent. The rules for Magarena are based on (but not excactly the same as)
the [first modern collectible card game](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magic:_The_Gathering).
It focuses on an advanced AI and easy to use interface. It is written in Java
and Swing.  You play a duel against the computer with 40 card generated decks
or any constructed deck. At the moment there are about 6000 cards supported.
The computer AI is capable and fast. The game fully enforces the rules. It is
possible to undo moves. A comprehensive card browser is available. This game
should run well on most computers. The minimum screen resolution is 1024x768. A
Java runtime 6 is required to play.

## History

Magarena was developed over a time span of two years. It was designed and
developed by *ubeefx* as a hobby project. The name is a contraction of mage and
arena.  Development started in June 2009 and was managed at
[http://code.google.com/p/arena-card-game/ arena-card-game]. It became open
source in November 2010. This generated a lot a valuable input and some nice
contributions which finally resulted into the gold release in April 2011. An
official fork of the project was started at this site and new developments
continue here.

Giving this game an outstanding AI was one of the main goals that ubeefx wanted
to achieve. This is also the main aspect that people like the most about
Magarena coming from all feedback. The functional and user friendly UI together
with the overall stability of the program are also appreciated.
